typos & a new note (#7804)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/fail-fast.adoc

Run link:https://jestjs.io/[jest] (JavaScript/TypeScript) tests in three batches with fail-fast enabled:

```yaml
npx jest --listTests | circleci tests run \ 
  --command="xargs yarn tests" \
  --batch-count=3 \
  --fail-fast \
  --test-results-path="test-results"
```

> * `--listTests` grabs all tests which get fed into `stdin` for `xargs yarn tests`.
>  * `--listTests` can sometimes be too agressive depending on your setup.  You may need to be more specific with a regex and a glob commmand to only get the intended tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `--listTests` grabs all tests that get fed into `stdin` for `xargs yarn tests`. `--listTests` can sometimes be too aggressive depending on your setup. You may need to be more specific, with a regex and a glob command, to only get the intended tests.
```
